
Hi

I hope you are doing good.Just a short note for you before I leave forever. You know that I am a type of guy who admires Brain, not the beauty.
I plucked up my courage and told my feelings, and you rejected me..gently.

Your pitying smile on that day broke my weakened heart in 2 upon the sight of it. tearing down the wall of courage that I had built up that weekend when I rehearsed what to say to you.Over anad over again I had practised my lines in my head, creating diff scenarios of your reaction to practise to, losing sleep a few nights due to stress crying I myself alone had caused.I was so emotional that week and it makes me cringe just thinking about it.

I remember what I said,because my ears were ringing but you got it.I watched as your face initially showed shock then understanding as you processed my words..then pitying smile that is now buried in my memories.An awkward silence soon followed and tears burned at my eyes when you said "No".I went out,Clearing my throat,I nodded in understanding that i could not force my feelings on you.

I forced my tears to dry and focused on the situation at hand.You know its hard to act normal after being rejected by your friend whom you trust and like the most.There was so much pain flowing through me at that time, I could feel myself going numb.I had never cried so hard, or felt so much sadness first time in my life.I struggled to maintain a normal breathing pattern.

It was all expectations that hurts me.I will never forgive me for all the bullshit status that I posted on whatsapp,I know you wont forgive me,I really feel ashamed of that.But do you know what? I am not got hurt by your rejection Rather I got more hurt by your Ignorance, U did'nt even come to me next day, even to Say"Sahil r U OK" but that was also the expectations.Expectations from others always hurts.

I have never felt so useless,so invaluable,May be I was not smart, No so intelligent in coding,May be i am not attractive, not andsome, not intelligent,I felt that you didn;t value me at all,I can;t stop thinking , why I am not good in coding like you,others., I feel so judged.At some time your ignorance just killed me.

I have been very disppointed , I have also undergone defeat during the depression, I have felt the great heart within me crushed until it bled.

If u were kind, u could have come to me for a formal talk, after you sad "no",that's again expectations.let me tell you one thing,"all the days that we worked together that have been wonderful moments,there have been few moments where has been turbulence, some diff of opinion,when we sit back to look,Once which had conflict will pop up more easily,because somewhere it created an irritaion and hurt, but the others one were beautiful, "FORGOTTEN".because the wound is remembered, but gifts are not.

Do u know what, Agar koi kisis kai emotions ko hurt karta hai ,To naturally vo usko Fir kabi nahi bulata, but it was not there in my case,Mai dusre ladko sai bilkul alag hu,Because I never show my ego and disrespect to anyone even he disrespected me,Its my nature.Maine fir bhi tumhe bulaliya,Tumhe bhi kisi nai reject kiya hoga, U know the pain, one go through after that.

But I now regret why I had told u about that,Because I Think i have lost the most important friend in my life.I dont know with whom i will share my success and failures.

You are from a very nice family ,Your parents has given you very good Sanskar, You have a beautiful nature,I dont know ki mere mai kya kami reh gyi.Kash mai bhi kabil hota coding mai. 

You are the best of the best I have ever met in my life,Your memory in my mind is as fresh as dew,The memory of your smile makes me smile too. I always feel postive wibes from you.

At some point, I have to realize that some people can stay in your heart but not in your life.

I dont know whether we will meet again in this life or not, You are amazing and I hope that we can be best friends in future.

Stay in touch with me on social media,  Unblock to kardo Pehle, i am not begging,but itna to expect kar hi sakta hu.

Best of luck,I pray lord shiva to bless you.May your  dreams get fulfilled.
I promise One day I will Make you feel proud.
Will miss you a lot.Jab  kush ban jayunga to call karuga,Call utha lena.


Yours
Paji
